>> Brian Holt: So let's talk
about what your assignment is for
today and,
>> Brian Holt: We
will let you get on with your day.
The one that you're actually gonna
do here is make the test pass.
So make sure you're here
on make the tests pass.
>> Brian Holt: We'll be doing
the DOM tomorrow, okay.
Make the test pass.
>> Brian Holt: So in software programming,
there is a concept called testing.
And what testing is, is it's writing code
to make sure that your other code works.
Now that kind of seems counterintuitive,
why would I wanna write more code?
But in general,
a good amount of testing will help you
have confidence whenever you
release code into the wild, right?
So if I have some sort of
module that takes an object,
person object, and returns an address.
I could write a couple of test cases
like make sure that this object
works this particular way, right,
like it returns a valid address.
The reason why that's
helpful is over time,
bits of code get changed, things get
deleted, things get moved around and
you can accidentally break
other parts of your code.
So if I change something over here,
I accidentally broke something over
here in my application, right?
Tests help you mitigate that
sort of problem, right?
You write code that validates,
this will still work.
And then you run that tests every single
time before you launch your code into
production.
Does that make sense?
So here, what I have done for you is
I've wrote a bunch of tests for you.
And I want you to make these tests pass,
okay?
You don't have to write any HTML or
CSS today.
And then I'm going to show you
just a couple of little tips and
tricks with this.
We're going to be using
something called Jasmine,
which is a testing framework for
JavaScript.
Not that you really need
to know anything about it,
you don't need to know about Jasmine.
But in general,
tests are going to look like that.
So I'm going to say expect the answer
of (addTwo(5)).toEqual(7), right?
And now, if I ever mess up what
add to does in the future,
that test will fail and
it won't let me release my code, right?
It won't let me publish that to the
Internet, so that's the point of tests.
And, yeah, again, I wrote this for you.
And now you need to go write
the code that makes the test pass.
I do have a link down here.
I did give you a question where
I asked you to write sort.
You can write sort like I just showed you.
But if you actually want to write it
by hand as well, you are welcome to.
It is difficult, but you can do it.